Messaging

The messaging I am trying to get across is what area, month, and day to avoid driving in New York City.
Since New York City is a very populated place, it can be very hectic to drive in the city. With my
visual narrative, can help people by avoiding certain zip codes and months when they want to drive there.


Narrative Structure

My narrative visualization follows an interactive slide show structure. My narrative visualization follows
this structure because I guide the user down the path of the data. First, I start by looking at the top
zip codes with the most accidents. Then I look at the months with the most accidents. Then I look at that
month broken up into days to find the most accidents. When doing this, I allow the user to click on the bar graph
of the zip codes to see more about that zip code, like where it is in the city, what neighborhood it's in, its
population, etc. Extra details that the user can choose to look at if they want to. The thing is I show what I want
to show first, then allow the user to interact, being an interactive slide show.


Visual Structure

My visual structure for each scene remains the same so the user is comfortable with it. It has the header of the graph on top,
with the graph next, then a small paragraph explaining the graph, and buttons to either go back or continue. Since the graph is presented first,
the user will look at it first. The graphs are simple enough to understand without a paragraph, but I include them to communicate the importance
as we go along. The graphs also contain annotations that point to important parts of the graph I want the user to see. They also have a little
explanation to them along with a question to make them more curious. As they move down, they get to the small paragraph explaining the graph 
and the importance of the whole picture. It helps the user transition to other scenes since it connects what they learned from previous graphs
to the one they are currently looking at.


Scenes

The scenes of my visual narrative are: Top 5 zip codes with the most accidents, top months with the most accidents, top days with the most accidents with that given month and zip code, and a free-form picker
They are ordered like this because it's how I tell the story. First, I introduce the user to the top five zip codes with the most accidents in New York City. 
This gives the user the ability to see how many accidents happen at certain zip codes, with 11207 being much greater than the others. 
Then I show them the top months with the most accidents. This shows the user which months cause the most accidents in New York City, which is January. 
These two builds on each other since the user knows that zip code 11207 is the most dangerous and January is the most dangerous month, 
but what is the most dangerous day in that month with that zip code? But before that, I allow the user to select zip code 11207 to see that graph. 
This shows how many accidents occurred during each month in that zip code, and the graph keeps the same trend.
After this, the user goes to the next scene, showing the user that the 21st is the most dangerous day.
From this, it is a casual progression from the data as we keep sorting down to find the most dangerous day.
The last scene, the free-form picker, allows the user to further explore the data, allowing them to pick any month and one of the top five zip codes.


Annotations

The template I followed for my annotations is pointing out the important areas of the graph. They contain a title, which is the title of the bar it points to,
with some text about why this value being this large is important to the narrative. I choose to do the annotations this way because it is 
very easy for the user to see and pick up on them. They are small enough so the user doesn't get discouraged when reading them because a wall 
of text may draw away attention. The annotations support the messaging because I use them for the user to pick up the messaging. I want to point
out that this month has a lot of accidents and this zip code has a lot of accidents. The annotations are used for that scene and that scene only.
Since I transition to a different web page and use a different graph, the old annotation wouldn't work in that context.


Parameters

The parameters of my visual narrative are the data variables that store all the information about the graph and the buttons for the month scene.
The data variables are from the CSV data but sorted out all information that isn't needed from the data. They only retain certain information
that the graph needs. So, for example, the first scene with the zip accident count only contains each zip code and its number of accidents counted.
The buttons on the month scene, contain different javascript functions that will remove the graph from the scene and replace it with
a new one that is needed for that button. For example, the 'Use 11207' button will remove the graph and replace it with the number
of accidents per month only in the zip code 11207, while the 'Use all zip codes' will show all the accidents per month with all zip codes included.
They are used to define a state because they contain the code to change the state. They contain all the information needed to do so according to when a trigger is presented.


Triggers

The triggers that connect user actions to changes of state in the narrative visualization are the bars in the bar graph of the zip accident graph.
They are triggers because when they are clicked, they call to change the scene to a different webpage explaining what that zip code is and where.
The affordances that are provided to the user to communicate to them what options are available to them in the narrative visualization are with
the tooltips that tell the user to click on the bars to learn more about the zip code. Also, there is a sentence in the description of that page
telling the user that they can click on any bar to learn more about them.